VS and MSBuild support update for .NET 6 (#6745)
dotnet/core: release-notes/6.0/known-issues.md

You may encounter the following known issues, which may include workarounds, mitigations or expected resolution timeframes.

## .NET SDK

> .NET 6.0 only works with Visual Studio 2022 version 17.0 or later and MSBuild 17.0 or later. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.NET 6 is supported with Visual Studio 2022 and MSBuild 17.  It is not supported with Visual Studio 2019 and MSBuild 16.
```

> If you try to build using a lower version of MSBuild say 16.11 you will get:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you build .NET 6 projects with MSBuild 16.11, for example, you will see the following error:
```

`warning NETSDK1182: Targeting .NET 6.0 in Visual Studio 2019 is not supported`

> We recommend to upgrade to MSBuild 17 in such cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please upgrade your environment to the latest Visual Studio version if you are using .NET 6.
```
